Add context menu option to open the user's channel from a usercard (#3486)
Chatterino/chatterino2: CHANGELOG.md

- Minor: Add search to emote popup. (#3404)
- Minor: Messages can now be highlighted by subscriber or founder badges. (#3445)
- Minor: Add workaround for multipart emoji as described in [the RFC](https://mm2pl.github.io/emoji_rfc.pdf). (#3469)

> - Minor: Add context menu option to open the user's channel from a Usercard. (#3486)

Reviewer: I don't think this is the best wording, but I feel like it's easier to understand for an average user.
```suggestion
- Minor: Added a way to open channel popup by right-clicking avatar in a usercard. (#3486)
```

Reviewer 2: `the` avatar

> - Minor: Added a way to open channel popup by right-clicking avatar in a usercard. (#3486)

Author: ```suggestion
- Minor: Added a way to open channel popup by right-clicking the avatar in a usercard. (#3486)
```
